When I was in the sixth grade we moved from Illinois where I grew up to
Colorado springs. And so from the sixth grade through the end of college
I was a native of Colorado. In Colorado there was a lot of empty
space for shooting and so I have shot in the hundreds my entire
life. Small game big game birds and the like. So I am in inveterate
a shooter one of my best buddies in high school hand loaded his own
ammunition for a big bore rifle so we fired big bore rifles all the
time. In the military I was allowed to fire tremendous number rounds
for qualification in practice, and in Vietnam I was in the M16 machine
gun or so I got to test fire that machine gun and and burned up
a lot of ammunition through that. So I have a shot still like to shoot
but I live in Los Angeles now so don't get much opportunity to shoot
much anymore even though I still have a number of weapons